---
title: What what?
author: nickw
layout: post
permalink: /2012/09/15/what-what/
dsq_thread_id:
  - 845193096
categories:
  - Blog
---
I&#8217;m back over here blogging again. I haven&#8217;t blogged in a while. It&#8217;s not that I don&#8217;t enjoy blogging, it&#8217;s just a bit of a pain (well, I don&#8217;t know, it&#8217;s just err,.). Anyways, I&#8217;ve been up to quite a bit this week, and the previous week.

Keeping tabs on my current projects:

  * **TechHelper**: [Screenshot][1]  
    Originally written as a helpdesk software for school. They use it, but I&#8217;ve decided I want to re-develop it and make it nice and release it. I&#8217;ll be using MYSQLi in PHP, as opposed to the soon (or now) deprecated mysql functions.

Future Projects

  * **OpenToDo**  
    Currently just a little thing in my head, I want to create the worlds most basic to-do list website.  Now i&#8217;m sure there are many just like it, but I want one for myself. Something simple, allowing multiple people to create and edit lists (or workspaces, i shall call them). It&#8217;ll be nice, easy, and interactive &#8211; live curser positions, etc between computers (yay nodejs).

Paused Projects

  * **GTHS App**  
    Well, I was developing an app for my school but I got really busy and had to pause. I really want to finish it. It&#8217;s going to connect to the timetable servers and allow students and staff to download their timetable to their phone and see it in a nice layout. I&#8217;m considering saving this for my next years Software Design and Development major assessment task. It&#8217;s a big project, but it&#8217;ll be worth the trouble, after all, this is how i&#8217;m going to learn Cocoa and ObjC properly.
  * **MoneyBags **:/  
    Basically an indie game, but I can&#8217;t quite disclose the full details here. All I can say is that I really want to finish it but it depends on a particular API which may be now inaccessible  and I need to find an alternative. Overall, the current work on this project has taught me about custom NSObject classes in ObjC and custom UIButtons, UIViews, UITableViews, UITableViewCells, and many more. ObjC is where I belong.

Well, I&#8217;m not sure who will read this, but it really is just here for me. For me to see what I&#8217;m doing, just so I don&#8217;t forget about the little things i&#8217;m working on. I really enjoy small projects. They&#8217;re fun, and allow me to perfect them to my great standards. If it doesn&#8217;t work properly, make it work properly.

&nbsp;

 [1]: http://cdn.nickwhyte.com/static/2012/09/Screen-Shot-2012-08-28-at-7.54.41-PM.png